Update logistics.md with how to get keys (#96)
cpp-lln-lab/CPP_LabGuide: doc/logistics.md

If you are not directly paid by the university or a grant associated to it (eg. FNRS), so for instance if you are a WBI grant holder, you might need to set up your UCLouvain email adress yourself. To do so you first need to be registered as an invited researcher by the [GECO](https://uclouvain.be/fr/repertoires/entites/geco). You can contact Santina Bongiovanni santina.bongiovanni@uclouvain.be . They should give you your FGS number (“n° de matricule FGS” in French). You can then enter your FGS number as well as your birth date at this link https://sites.uclouvain.be/sgsi-apps/newaccount/prod/index.php?main=depart&stvl=en and that will give you your email address ! 

## Printer setup

> ## Keys + access card (reference person is Cathy Friand)

Author: ```suggestion
## Keys + access card for Woluwe campus (reference person is Cathy Friand)

```

If you are not directly paid by the university or a grant associated to it (eg. FNRS), so for instance if you are a WBI grant holder, you might need to set up your UCLouvain email adress yourself. To do so you first need to be registered as an invited researcher by the [GECO](https://uclouvain.be/fr/repertoires/entites/geco). You can contact Santina Bongiovanni santina.bongiovanni@uclouvain.be . They should give you your FGS number (“n° de matricule FGS” in French). You can then enter your FGS number as well as your birth date at this link https://sites.uclouvain.be/sgsi-apps/newaccount/prod/index.php?main=depart&stvl=en and that will give you your email address ! 

## Printer setup

## Keys + access card for Woluwe campus (reference person is Cathy Friand)

### Keys

> To request an office key, one needs to pay a deposit of 20 euros. This money will be given back once leaving the lab and return the key to Cathy Friand

Author: ```suggestion
To request an office key (CPP behavioral lab key should be the same one), one needs to pay a deposit of 20 euros. This money will be given back once leaving the lab and return the key to Cathy Friand

```

If you are not directly paid by the university or a grant associated to it (eg. FNRS), so for instance if you are a WBI grant holder, you might need to set up your UCLouvain email adress yourself. To do so you first need to be registered as an invited researcher by the [GECO](https://uclouvain.be/fr/repertoires/entites/geco). You can contact Santina Bongiovanni santina.bongiovanni@uclouvain.be . They should give you your FGS number (“n° de matricule FGS” in French). You can then enter your FGS number as well as your birth date at this link https://sites.uclouvain.be/sgsi-apps/newaccount/prod/index.php?main=depart&stvl=en and that will give you your email address ! 

## Printer setup

## Keys + access card for Woluwe campus (reference person is Cathy Friand)

### Keys

> To request an office key (CPP behavioral lab key should be the same one), one needs to pay a deposit of 20 euros. This money will be given back once leaving the lab and return the key to Cathy Friand

Author: ```suggestion
To request an office key , one needs to pay a deposit of 20 euros. This money will be given back once leaving the lab and return the key to Cathy Friand

The CPP behavioral lab's key should be the same one as the office's key. To check once we have the new keys.
```

If you are not directly paid by the university or a grant associated to it (eg. FNRS), so for instance if you are a WBI grant holder, you might need to set up your UCLouvain email adress yourself. To do so you first need to be registered as an invited researcher by the [GECO](https://uclouvain.be/fr/repertoires/entites/geco). You can contact Santina Bongiovanni santina.bongiovanni@uclouvain.be . They should give you your FGS number (“n° de matricule FGS” in French). You can then enter your FGS number as well as your birth date at this link https://sites.uclouvain.be/sgsi-apps/newaccount/prod/index.php?main=depart&stvl=en and that will give you your email address ! 

## Printer setup

## Keys + access card for Woluwe campus (reference person is Cathy Friand)

### Keys

To request an office key , one needs to pay a deposit of 20 euros. This money will be given back once leaving the lab and return the key to Cathy Friand

> The CPP behavioral lab's key should be the same one as the office's key. To check once we have the new keys.

Author: Yes it is checked and changing accordingly

> The CPP behavioral lab's key should be the same one as the office's key. To check once we have the new keys.

Author: ```suggestion
The CPP behavioral lab's key is the same one as the office's key. 

```
